>> Jem Young: We covered HBS, we covered
Nginx tuning on the client side so
now let's talk about caching, aka,
making it a bit faster on the server side.
>> Jem Young: So nginx has the ability,
one of the unique things is it can setup,
we can cache on nginx side.
Normally we'd have to do that on the node
side or things like that With Nginx.
You know I think I did
this with of all my paths.
I don't know why I put [INAUDIBLE].
Just in case you're confused.
Okay, much better.
Nginx has the ability to cache things for
us.
So really long requests,
things that are slow.
We can edit our sites available.
And we can put a cache in there.
So to start with,
this is all actually one long block.
This whole area here, is one long block.
You see it terminates with the semicolon?
So I'm just gonna kind of walk
through what we're doing.
Proxy cache path is just saying
where do we want the cache to live,
because the cache is a physical
file on your hard drive.
Where should that exist?
And we're saying we want it in /tmp/rginx.
It's a good spot.
It's a cache.
We don't have to worry
about maintaining it.
Temp is a good location because temp
periodically gets cleaned by the file
system.
So you don't have to worry about
it kind of existing too long.
Temp will clean itself up for you.
But if you wanted to put your cache
somewhere else, you can do that too.
I don't know why you would,
but, you could.
The levels equal one and two.
We're just saying, how far and
how specific should the caches
be within that file system.
So if I request slash cuts and
I have more requests there, slash cuts,
slash Queue cuts, fuzzy cuts,
how deep do we want the cache to go?
We're just gonna do one and two for
now, but we can get four, five, six.
We can get really,
really specific on our cache.
And with that we have the ability to
invalidate like very specific portions of
our cache.
But we don't have to worry about that for
now.
This is just throwing it out there so
you know it exist.
Our key zone is saying,
what do we want our cache to be called and
how big should it be?
This is a little confusing,
because I'm calling it slowfile_cache,
cuz that's the cache we
wanna make a cache for.
And we want it to only be 10 megabytes.
It may look like 10 minutes,
but it's 10 Megabytes.
Again, you can go crazy with your
cache and make it infinitely large,
you generally don't want to do that
because you can eat-up all of your
disk space with your cache.
And you generally don't need
to cache that much stuff.
In act of saying,
how long should this cache be enacted for?
And let's call it 60 minutes.
Done.
So we want to invalidate our cache
after a certain amount of time.
And then it's gonna refresh itself
with a new request coming in.
Use temp path is something new to
the version of nginx that we're using.
It's just saying, instead of writing to a
temporary file then writing to the cache,
we're just gonna keep it in memory and
write it to the cache.
Now you wouldn't necessarily want to do
this if you had a lot of requests coming
in, because you can eat up a lot of
memory as Nginx is writing the cache.
But in our instance we'll
just use_temp_path=off.
So go ahead and
add that into your sites-available.
>> Jem Young: And
I believe
>> Jem Young: I wonder if you
can?
>> Jem Young: I'll fix it later.
I will put all this into the comments so
that you can just copy and paste it in.
I don't want you to work too hard.
But I do believe that
if you write something,
you're more likely to remember it.
>> Speaker 2: Does this go under location
or?
>> Jem Young: No,
that goes outside of your server block,
so.
>> Speaker 2: Outside the server block.
>> Jem Young: Yes.
Let me just do it now.
>> Jem Young: And let's just put
it up here at the top of the file.
We can put a width in a service block,
but proxy cache,
I think it's okay to put it outside.
So we're saying proxy
>> Jem Young: That's the key zone.
Key zone equals so
file_cache and
that will be 10
>> Jem Young: That what it got me,
keys_zone,
>> Jem Young: And
we're gonna say use_tmp_path=off
>> Jem Young: Look good so
far.
>> Jem Young: Right,
everybody there just one long
statement terminated by a semicolon.
>> Jem Young: All right.
Next, we're our proxy_cache_key, so
how do we wanna differentiate
things that we're gonna cache?
We can get very fine grains, so
we can say a request coming to
HTTP use a different cache
then something at HTTPS.
You can get actually very,
very nuanced on how fun For
now we're just gonna say request URIs.
So, the URL that you're requesting,
we're gonna use that as a cache too,
that's it nothing too complicated.
But again if you wanna get nuanced,
you can, I wouldn't recommend it.
But hey that's what I say.
So, let's add in the proxy cache key.
>> Jem Young: And
we're gonna say that was say, request_uri,
one word or two, underscore, awesome.
>> Jem Young: Okay, okay, looking good so
far.
I'll give everybody a minute.
>> Speaker 3: Does it
use tmp or temp for template?
>> Jem Young: Temp.
>> Jem Young: Does
that answer the question?
Sorry.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah I think you have tmp on
the /tmpnginx.
>> Jem Young: On the last part of
it where it says use_tmp.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Jem Young: Good catch, thank you.
That would have been one of
those things that I'm like, why?
I copied everything correctly.
Thank you.
And save.
>> Jem Young: All right,
so right now we've told the Nginx
kind of where the cache should be,
what the key should be.
Now let's tell it how to cache things and
which path we want it to cache for.
>> Jem Young: So we only want the cash to
run on slowfile because that's
the file that's really slow.
Adding expires headers to it
won't really help at all.
But we can solve that
problem with nginx caching.
So what we're doing is we're
saying proxy_cache_valid.
How long is this cache gonna
be valid before the expiry?
I'm gonna say one minute, which is fine.
Beware of over caching and
setting your time to expire too long.
Because at this point, once I'm caching
on the server, there's nothing I can
do on the client side to get a fresh
copy if I set my cache way too long.
I've done this before so I'm telling you.
I set my cache like, yeah,
set it for a couple days.
Don't worry about it,
then I was like, crap,
I need to change some
JavaScript real quick.
I reload the page, I harder load,
empty the cache it doesn't do anything,
cuz the cache is on
a server at this point, and
as the client there is nothing
you can do about that at all.
So, don't make your cache too long,
just long enough.
So we're saying proxy_cache_valid 1m fine.
>> Jem Young: We're adding
ignore headers in here and
I'll talk about that in a minute.
But for now we're saying cache control
which is normally something honored by
nginx saying, hey,
I've had some cache control.
Don't cache it.
It won't read a cache.
It will respect that and
get a fresh copy every single time.
In this instance, we don't because
browsers, Chrome by default when you first
hit a page, will always send cache control
no cache, try to get a fresh copy.
In this particular instance,
we don't wanna do that.
We wanna cache copy every single time.
>> Jem Young: So
then we can add our header.
So if you want to add any header
to nginx just add _header.
And remember how we said the x status,
x whatever is a way of just sending
out information to the client,
it's not necessarily relevant to
the processing of the request?
In this case we want to send a header
that says are we hitting the cache or
are we not hitting the cache?
We do that with the X-Proxy-Cache header.
And we're just gonna say _cache_status.
So it's gonna say either,
hit, miss, or expired.
In the first case it's gonna be
missed because nothing is cached.
The second time it should be a hit.
Really useful for debugging if you have
an issue with, is it hitting a cache?
Is it not hitting a cache?
Cuz otherwise it's very difficult to tell
other than the speed of the request.
Next, what's the cache we're gonna use?
Remember in key zone,
we called it slow file cache,
we're just saying this is
the cache we wanna use.
And as always, we proxy_pass to node, and
if we don't do this it will
just try to hit slash.
So when you try it in slow file,
that's gonna redirect the slash, so
we make sure we pass it to slow file,
the actual place where it should be going.
>> Speaker 4: Is there any reason
we're not using HTTPS there?
>> Jem Young: Yes,
because at that point we'd have to
add HTTPS to node to decrypt that.
And so we'd have to add
certificate to be able to do that.
We could do it.
It's just kind of excess work that-
>> Speaker 4: That's what you were talking
about with like tunnelling to-
>> Jem Young: Yeah, so we could do it, but
since we own the server and
I'm not too worried about someone who's
on my server reading traffic coming in.
Because if they're on my server at
this point I have bigger problems.
But if we wanted to or if we wanted to
redirect to a complete different server we
can add HTTPS to keep it encrypted.
But in general I think most
organizations do not tunnel HTTPS
traffic around because it adds
load on the application server.
So when I say server server, I mean node,
like a node server return something
versus that's an application server which
is nginx which is just your
server server reverse proxy.
Again if you do it in node it's gotta
decrypt those, it's gonna add loads to
your pipeline that you probably don't
need to be, but great question though.
I like questions.
Okay, everybody done editing their
slow file block, location block?
Okay, so I am gonna go ahead and
do that now.
And I'll just put it above here
>> Jem Young: What was
the first thing I said?
Proxy cache valid.
Wait, did I cheat?
Did I put this in?
Darn it.
[LAUGH] I thought I put it in the speaker
notes so I could copy and paste.
Now we're gonna do it the hard way,
it's okay,
proxy_cache_valid let's
say one minute what's
my next slide, proxy_ignore_headers.
>> Jem Young: Then we're gonna add
the downstream header,
it's called X-Proxy cache.
>> Jem Young: Proxy cache.
>> Jem Young: And proxy-pass it all in two
node.
>> Jem Young: Awesome, well we'll see if
it's awesome if I did this correctly.
And let's go ahead and
write save and let's run our tester,
invalid param, so
I typed something incorrectly.
Let's see what I mistyped, levels.
Darn it, I knew something was gonna get me
>> Jem Young: Actually,
I'll leave that for now.
So if I said sudo service nginx restart,
it just gives me this generic error.
Because there's something error but
it's not telling me what.
That's why again, it's always been
officially run in nginx -t just to
validate your configuration file.
And it tells me about I
misspelled something.
So now let's just fix
that levels and nope.
Still did something wrong again.
Inactive.
>> Jem Young: It's an equal sign,
not a colon.
Yes, apologies if you copied exactly
what I just did because It was wrong.
>> Jem Young: Equals, all right.
Darn it.
proxy_ignore_header.
>> Jem Young: Headers,
it's so pedantic.
>> Jem Young: Okay I'm feeling good.
Feeling good about this one.
Think I got it.
Anybody over under, $10 got it right, no.
>> Speaker 2: Well I
had-
>> Speaker 2: You got it.
>> Jem Young: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So-
>> Jem Young: [LAUGH] Nobody's perfect.
I make mistakes the same as everybody even
though when I'm copying from a slide.
All right, so we should be good now.
If you have any errors ngnx
should tell you where they're at.
But let's make sure the cache is working.
So now let's reload Nginx.
sudo service nginx.
Restart or reload.
>> Speaker 2: Did anyone else get
invalid number of arguments and
proxy_cache_directive?
>> Jem Young: Proxy_cache_directive.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it was from actually
from the set of changes
we made after I got it.
And it looks like I
have the stuff correct.
>> Jem Young: Proxy_cache_directive, so
you have proxy_cache_path,
>> Jem Young: Then you
have your cache key.
>> Speaker 2: No underscore between path.
>> Jem Young: It's very,
very temperamental, but that's okay.
I'd rather it fail loudly than fail
quietly and I'll just be like,
what's happening?
>> Jem Young: So now let's give it a shot,
let's see if if I did things correctly.
First load file,
it's still gonna take about six seconds.
Hopefully, the second time
it's gonna be faster.
So we see in the, now the response header,
we're setting down it's a cache miss,
so let's see if I can't.
Look how fast that was.
Remember this used to take six seconds,
now it's 200 milliseconds?
And so it's a cache hit every single time.
So this is the power of
caching on the client side and
we cache on the server side.
But the tricky part, as stated before,
if you cache on the server side.
Yeah it's fast,
yeah it may seem magical, but
if you set your cache too long,
incorrectly.
The client's always gonna be getting
a cache copy, a stale copy of your site.
And there's nothing you can do about it
other than you'd have to reload nginx,
clear the cache, things like that.
That's why you don't get too
overzealous with caching,
only cache the things that you know
you're gonna turn instantaneously.
Everybody with me?
We learned that caching is,
it's a hard problem in computer science.
>> Jem Young: Excellent, so if I
come back to this page in a minute because
the cache is only valid for a minute.
We're gonna get a cache miss
again because the cache expired,
it has to rebake that cache.
Ever heard the term warming the cache?
Anybody ever heard that term?
So the process of warming
cache is the saying,
I'm gonna make a bunch of requests to make
sure that cache is populated by Nginx.
That way the next person that comes to
the site is gonna have a cache hit every
single time.
So at this point I'm paying the cost of
warming the cache for everybody else.
Whereas if you go to jem.party right now,
you're gonna get a cache hit,
because the cache is warm.
So warm cache versus cold cache,
make sense?
Like the cache is hot, it's being used.
Sort of part of your build process
often is warming the cache.
So it'll just make automatic, it'll
make query requests to your page just so
nginx knows how to cache those requests.
And then later it'll be hot for
for everybody else.
So if you ever hear
the phrase warming the cache,
now you know what they're talking about.
It been a minute yet?
Let's give it a shot, it's been a minute.
So the cache is already expired,
this why slow file is gonna be slow again.
But once I hit it again,
yep, it's expired.
So if I hit it again, cache hit, yes?
>> Speaker 5: Is there a general rule
of thumb along the assets to be cached,
stay away from caching?
Again, it sounds like it's a hard problem.
>> Jem Young: It's a hard problem,
I think easy things like favorite icons,
which aren't gonna change that often.
If you have some base styles you wanna
cache, but again, you're caching it and
then there'll be that one time you need
to fix something and the cache is stale.
Then you have to clear your cache and
restart nginx, which in our case is
trivial, because it's one nginx server.
But imagine thousands and restarting that
and cleaning a cache across 1,000 servers.
That's the kinda scale you have to think
about why we do things that hard way
sometimes.
But the pay off is because,
at scale, things get pretty gnarly.
But great question, and if I knew the flat
answer, I would be a very rich man.
There is no one strategy for
cache invalidation, things like that.